The Starfox level format involves many types of "objects". Some are actually
simple static polygon objects with x y z coordinates. Some have "behaviors"
attached to them so that they'll move and react in a certain way. There are
hundreds of different paths and behaviors that I have/had to describe and
document for use in the level editor. Other types of level objects includes,
rotations, palette set changes, music changes, screen transitions, camera
movements, warps and asm branches. 

Warps can make the game jump to any steps of any levels in the game, so it's
trivial to let's say make the game jump from the middle of Corneria to Macbeth
without a hitch, but keeping the Corneria background and music. There are
special objects to change the bg in the middle of the game, like to make a
transition from outdoor to a tunnel.

The amount of things that can be done/edited in the game is staggering. A very
special level object is the h78 object, wich is pure asm used to branch the
level according to a the included asm routine. 

For example a counter starting at 0 is incremented each time you -dont- go
under a bonus arch in Corneria at 7EF0D9 in wram. (There are special invisible
objects put under the arches to detect the arwing passage and trigger the
counter if you are not under). When you get to the big blue arch with a
closing/opening door the game reach the h78 asm object that checks if the
"mistakes" counter was incremented. If it wasn't, the game jumps to the next
object, wich is a twin blaster item. If you made mistakes and the counter is
not 0 then the game jumps to after the twin blaster item so it doesn't appear.
Just about the same routine applies to the Black Hole trick in Asteroid. It
seem that most every levels have tasks that can be accomplished to have a
hidden bonus item. I'm pretty sure not all of them have been documented. So
anyone with a knowledge of SNES asm could build very interactive and non linear
levels with maze like branches.